# Emergency-Department-Simulator
ED Simulator Game Report
By: George Moore

In this game you are in emergency department physician who arrives to the emergency department. You first start outside of the ED and will need to go inside. You will first walk into the waiting room and then into the main ED. They are you’ll be presented with six patients. You have a health grade depending on if you get the final diagnosis right on the patient. When you evaluate the patient will be given options to look at the vital signs, physical exam, labs, imaging, and the final impression. You will need to choose the correct impression from a list of three depending on your evaluation of the patient. If you correctly diagnosed the patient you will further unlock the next room in order until you reach patient in room six. This is the final patient and the most difficult. There is also a ranking system in the game. You’ll start out as premed and then as you progress you will blank up to different levels with the final one being attending.

For this game I used three Software Patterns. The first is Singleton; I used this in my custom colors class. This gives me the ability to set many different colors in this class to be used elsewhere. The second pattern used is Observer. I used this in the player rank class. This gives me the ability to inform the player that they have ranked up after once they reach the level threshold. This is nice because I do not have to worry hard coding every step of the way. The third pattern used was Façade; I used this pattern in the patient class. This gives me the ability to set up complex patient classes and the player only gets to see the patient they are currently evaluating. Even thought the back end code is complex and long (over 500 lines of code). I did attempt to add items in this game using the Composite pattern. This ultimately did not work. I attempted to make a room named locker with said items in there and the provider would have to put on these items before evaluating the patients.

